but not being me I do not do in the kitchen
many cooks have him or cooks
of they have panic to the smell that the garlic gives
hands grab it and this is not going
it's easy to solve, I'll explain
today we have four tricks or ways of
peel a garlic the first would be to put
gloves the smell of garlic are transferred
gloves not the hands the second would be
manipulate it through this little
plastic container the third would be to
through a metal that rubbing the
hands are transferred the metal and the last
it would be under the tap water without
never get to rub we take a base
so that we do not leave we put a rag
of kitchen so we remain fixed we take the
Garlic
and the first method we're going to do is
to be with this we have 2 3 4
Now he took it out and we have the garlic
without touching them, they are a little
regulín but but good he is worth truck and two
gloves that more than chic trucchi
and the third one we are going to do with our
own hands like almost all the
world at home or in a restaurant or
wherever it is to fill our hands
smell we have our garlics peeled and
the sticky hands that are full of
garlic let's open the tap
let's let the water run and let's
put your hands here and we're going to
help from a piece of metal to finish
to wash us like soap and a
Once we have washed our hands
we drain and let them air dry and
finally how to keep these garlics already
the time to flavor an oil we need
these garlics that we just peeled and a
glass jar with a laurel leaf
basil or what more you like it
I like that it gives a spicy touch with
which I will also take a
chilli pepper we open the pot
we add the garlic
bay leaf we break
and the chilli
with its nuggets and everything and we add oil
good quality extra virgin olive
we close we promote a little and the
fridge
here we have our flavored oil
in 23 days you will already notice the taste of
oil with a little picantón and flavor garlic
and the garlic can be used
perfectly for a week 15 days
one month